Tell users to not change version of wrapper SDK's (#3805)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/initial_sdk_setup/android_sdk_integration.md

#### Add Braze dependency

Add the `android-sdk-ui` dependency to your app's `build.gradle`. 

{% alert important %}

> If you're using a non-native Android SDK (e.g. Flutter, Cordova, Unity, etc), that SDK already has the `android-sdk-ui` dependency for the correct version of the Android SDK. Do not update that version manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a non-native Android SDK (e.g., Flutter, Cordova, Unity, etc), that SDK already has the `android-sdk-ui` dependency for the correct version of the Android SDK. Do not update that version manually.
```

#### Add Braze dependency

> Add the `android-sdk-ui` dependency to your app's `build.gradle`. If you're using a non-native Android SDK (e.g. Flutter, Cordova, Unity, etc), that SDK already has the `android-sdk-ui` dependency for the correct version of the Android SDK. Do not update that version manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the `android-sdk-ui` dependency to your app's `build.gradle`. 

{% alert important %}
If you're using a non-native Android SDK (e.g. Flutter, Cordova, Unity, etc) that already specifies the `android-sdk-ui` dependency version - do not update that version manually.
{% endalert %}
```

Reviewer 2: @bryanlogan does this mean they shouldn't update the version in the wrapper SDK? or they should make sure they're matching?

Author: I checked the wrapper SDK's, and they all include their own build.gradle with a reference to android-sdk-ui with a specific version or just aar themselves.

Reviewer 2: so is this whole step unnecessary? or just a specific point about changing version numbers?

Author: I believe it's not needed, and we also don't want people going into the wrapper SDK's and update.  Maybe we want to add that comment in the wrapper themselves (https://github.com/Appboy/flutter-sdk/blob/b5691c2eb907af3aa212225f8cbc2bf948b057f1/braze_plugin/android/build.gradle)

Reviewer 3: I would also add " and require specific versions of the Braze Android SDK"

Author: OK.  Move the notice into a black.  I didn't take David's suggestion because it might confuse people by not specifying the _which_ build.gradle. And some of the SDK's have it as an AAR.
